Remove all mentions of "data files" and "garbage collection" remaining. (#884)
GothenburgBitFactory/tw.org: content/docs/3rd-party.md

- Produce, consume and handle UTF8 text properly.
  UTF8 is the only text encoding supported by Taskwarrior.
- Don't attempt to read the database.

>   Here's why: the database format might change in future versions.
>   Additionally, you will need to handle the rebuild operations, implement the task "unwait" feature, observe user defined attribute handling restrictions, and implement recurring task synthesis all of which require `.taskrc` and default value access.

Reviewer: Let's shorten this a little:
```suggestion
  Here's why: the database format might change in future versions, and there are important relationships
  between tables in the database which must be maintained, or tasks may be corrupted.
```

## Guidelines

- If you need to store additional data, consider putting it in the `~/.task` directory.
- There are many helper commands designed to assist add-on scripts such as shell completion scripts.
  These commands all begin with an underscore, see them with this command: `task help | grep ' _'`.

> - Familiarize yourself with the means of forcing color on or off, disabling word wrapping, disabling bulk operation limitations, disabling confirmation, disabling rebuilding, modifying verbosity and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Familiarize yourself with the means of forcing color on or off, disabling word wrapping, disabling bulk operation limitations, disabling confirmation, disabling rebuilding the working set, modifying verbosity and so on.
```
